SG-34298 - Rebranding (#37)
shotgunsoftware/tk-framework-alias: README.md

Toolkit framework for integration with Autodesk Alias.

> The main use of this framework is by the [Alias Engine](https://github.com/shotgunsoftware/tk-alias). The framework allows the engine to run alongside Alias, providing access to the Flow Production Tracking Apps that can interact wtih the data in Alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main use of this framework is by the [Alias Engine](https://github.com/shotgunsoftware/tk-alias). The framework allows the engine to run alongside Alias, providing access to the Flow Production Tracking Toolkit Apps that can interact with the data in Alias.
```
